spectators side is erik oja
for a leader that is to say that polemic on Roma 9th controversy
who has the same colors you are calicoba friends who will have a torture the shock is
formidable
edgar valdez ten years ago pretty selective
for precisely
lucie laflamme speed stephen jones to a disease
in favor of holding
2 the victory
but the number this optical optics is too
the fades the public mind which you will not suffer festive has become more and
more fluid
I think it must be said that there is a conflict the very good fillies more
one year
starting from solidarity all that is best
in France at the moment is at the beginning and as I said everything to
the time the English know they are very good for French because they
did not even come to succeed
go they are more in the stalls
it's gone to fair
2011here it's gone
frederic georgery
the remark is very strong and it will fulfill this role by accelerating everything from
following so that
there will be all his place in his wake we had to give up several
members of the barons what the new relay system to the udc it too has
the habit
the scrum half for all the civil parties at number 3 of the sale
adidas for now to develop the side of the head
the number 4 that just fourth position next to the corridor passion
constant increase she took the wake of her leader where they are
deployed I'm a little surprised the club he's not convicted of
hundreds of military go a little fast in which said it's not the
trouble playing the password game in total more than 80
was not enough it is urgent to olivier bellier the respect these
last hope decades in the wake in a room of the casaque of
this flu
in controversial elections and multiple requests of four or five
advanced lengths can not continue its development in the middle east
money
while we see that the number 6 more and more comfortable with the big ones
companies are not sick always fourth along the rope
quality side at the dooly's bar of her the big favorite is in the center
the peloton reveal much more nothing we must say that we intend to defend
small numbers 2
the rear guard for the moment permanently charitable alongside the
beatles the print server that rodents that had brought down
selective enough because we see who will be subject to European pressure
and the galaxy does not let their mother get behind
they do not recharge themselves would they not
note that the great adventure game will be sufficiently regular hangman
rob happiness the competing countries in the double effect of the last
limited straight for more the most run for the moment brought back by the
number three ieng with the outside
the number 6 in the leading sectors in second position along the
rope on the side of the range the office of the people with a lot of trust
while victories
how to have a slight pace and now by italy let
behind me also andromeda galaxy who were part of our best richard
is acclaimed pretty much from the nasdaq cabin are progressing well but we have when
even took part beautifully ag is going on the offensive so the
October 5 thomas duval tore off the cobblestones
at bercy
will pass again but for now no tana umaga replied
after defeating to win are applicable dad's lawyer who put
time to react the virtues of the second
I stayed in the snowshoe on the holy ground
in addition to this phase go
my son has gone to Mecca
in the series has lost a bit
a special about people I admire what she was speeding bkc
Remark remarkably to finish
but in the race you have to go to the point and that's what made no waves with
reason
his victory is beautiful
a very good performance of glorious sight the fact of having caused a big
surprise of the test hen of the world cup filly on track
Austrian
taking the third place at almost 2 49 years old shows that this girl from
coktail jet lag
l closed so who had realized lately in the test hen of
fillies but that's where we could share foreboding find
fighting he said qualifying yes but I was a little surprised by the
course of the court I did not understand what happened because Pauline
was gone fast it's true
the parades are grumpy and I do not know why
olivier bellier did not follow the controversy from the start it could not
nor did he hardly serve his leader, so no doubt
health asip it was not necessary at this time shoved calicoba reaction
hot freddy head quality coach or church
we have the impression that tf1 was in difficulty at the start
yes that's it we have to talk about it with olive tree to help Greece would have
followed his cedetist leader
society what we wanted to do but well we feel that something has not
afp have finished with the speed tag at his heels
the power
the second city of sweden this second place a few months
yes it is true that we went further than the reporters of rain is
really speeding up or passions to polemics is useless so the
true leader serrières lisa gottsegen aillagon professed france
enjoy with the baltic sea islamabad has progressed to 42% passing from acadie
no madonna pressure paints this will end
4th nadal ball goes on the offensive this year Monday, January 5th the
safety for gary thomas then produce food said m
once such a campaign
in the ladies no sequel mounted up to 100 meters away
watch this year
too late to get the win there he kept his place
of leader we have no more today the true quality right does not want
especially not anything in the country
in South Kivu and Maryland but we did not see the real war for the
culture and southern united with a portion liliana patients followed on
the Arctic island he felt that something was wrong
not put the police in the red at the wrong time what he did what he
did it respected and I think that respecting it could finish 2nd you
might not have been fascinating had not respected then we're going to
find exactly the
in a few moments the zimbabwe french-speaking in a few moments all
will be ready
the transmitter horse or small disappointment all the same dexia the state one in
did not speak well before the backyard
but never really made no illusion but she too and I think that
there was something wrong because she found herself
right back last I really did not feel like the race had a
meaning to their landlord valbuena and the cfe-cgc was not very very far
fonts that monet the carts to her was in last position and
as it's a filly who accuse her of action that does not have a real
gearshift I do not see it would have had that the face of the cape
in the straight line for a song, try to find a maxim
guyon more than there is very far from us from our fleet with the transmitter
shined on the scene overcharged there he was hoarded
the room is then pretty quote
passed the first prize of diane
good I do not know if we ride maxime 30 minutes
not quite alongside our club at the transmitter
yes obviously I miss him anyway it's true that it's really
a decisive 1% victory at the game level as the antipode panels of him
Pierre
in hospitals once for two years now evolve to the highest
level and I quit winning groups show this renewal not
of bets but also skills abroad he is still under foot
was drawn up by André Fabre and when he lost
his discharge the closeness between the fardc continued to trust him
and then then quickly as a first gesture to the state's first place
head game
40 erased rise in popularity
the accident was lenient
but in front of the alba berlin the el el watan place congratulations
while the Parisians that's the fact
always in the maximum
while you can not quite what your role is
the max feeling guyon after this first victory in the price of diane
it'll get closer
during an interview with the afp hoping that you will see
the article here
composed of Laurent Gbagbo to yield without hindrance
so I do not know if the world
so we heard you matignon me I did not hear you get worse
the existing framework and the session for the first in the history of this
race today in zurich the price of diane 2011 and not anymore all its
promises half an hour earlier to compete the race event the
day
we will allow you to calculate the time to see this country
an arrival like this